doc: added installation and contributing section (#23)
exasim-project/NeoFOAM: doc/installation.rst

Installation
============

You can install NeoFOAM by following these steps:

Clone the NeoFOAM repository:

   .. code-block:: bash

      git clone https://github.com/exasim-project/NeoFOAM.git

Navigate to the NeoFOAM directory:

   .. code-block:: bash

      cd NeoFOAM

> NeoFOAM uses cmake to build, thus the standard cmake procedure should work. From a build directory you can execute :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NeoFOAM uses Cmake to build, thus the standard cmake procedure should work, however, we recomend to use one of the recomended Cmake presets detailed belowed . From a build directory you can execute:
```

Reviewer: I think we should also mention Cmake presets here. But, I don't know how to link to the section.

| NEOFOAM_BUILD_DOC         | Build NeoFOAM with documentation  | ON      |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------+---------+
| NEOFOAM_BUILD_TESTS       | Build NeoFOAM with tests          | OFF     |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------+---------+
| Kokkos_ENABLE_SERIAL      | Enable Serial backend for Kokkos  | ON      |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------+---------+
| Kokkos_ENABLE_OPENMP      | Enable OpenMP backend for Kokkos  | OFF     |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------+---------+
| Kokkos_ENABLE_ROCM        | Enable ROCm backend for Kokkos    | OFF     |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------+---------+
| Kokkos_ENABLE_SYCL        | Enable SYCL backend for Kokkos    | OFF     |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------+---------+
| Kokkos_ENABLE_CUDA        | Enable CUDA backend for Kokkos    | OFF     |
+---------------------------+-----------------------------------+---------+

By opening the the project with cmake-gui you can easily set these flags and configure the build.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we add a headline here 
```suggestion
Building with Cmake Presets
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

```

Additionally, we provide several Cmake presets to set commmonly required flags if you compile NeoFoam in combination with Kokkos.

   .. code-block:: bash

    cmake --list-presets # To list existing presets

To build NeoFOAM with Kokkos and CUDA support, you can use the following commands:

   .. code-block:: bash 

>     cmake --preset ninja-kokkos-cuda # To compile with ninja and common kokkos flags for CUDA devices
>     cmake --build build/Release-cuda # To compile with ninja and common kokkos flags for CUDA devices

Reviewer: Cmake also supports build presets. I'll add it soon. It simplifies the build step because the user doesn't need to know the build folder then
```suggestion
    cmake --preset ninja-kokkos-cuda   # Configure for a build with ninja and common kokkos flags for CUDA devices
    cmake --build  --preset  ninja-kokkos-cuda # Execute the build procedure
```
At some point, we can also set a workflow preset, which defines configure, build and install as a single workflow

Author: We should update the docs if the build preset are implemented

> It should be noted that the build direction changes depending on the chosen preset. This way you can have different build directories for different presets and easily switch between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be noted that the build directory changes depending on the chosen preset. This way you can have different build directories for different presets and easily switch between them.
```
